Join multiple xdist_group (#1201)
pytest-dev/pytest-xdist: docs/distribution.rst

              pass

  This will make sure ``test1`` and ``TestA::test2`` will run in the same worker.

  .. code-block:: python

      @pytest.fixture(
          scope="session",
          params=[
              pytest.param(
                  "chrome",
                  marks=pytest.mark.xdist_group("chrome"),
              ),
              pytest.param(
                  "firefox",
                  marks=pytest.mark.xdist_group("firefox"),
              ),
              pytest.param(
                  "edge",
                  marks=pytest.mark.xdist_group("edge"),
              ),
          ],
      )
      def setup_container():
          pass

>       @pytest.mark.xdist_group(name="UIstuff")
>       def test1(setup_container):
>           pass
> 
>   This will generate 3 new groups: ``chrome_UIstuff``, ``firefox_UIstuff`` and ``edge_UIstuff``.

Reviewer: The example is correct, but I find it a bit misleading: one might at first glance think the order of the marks matter, because `UIstuff` is always appended at the end, but actually it ends up this way because `UI` sorts last.

How about:

```suggestion
      @pytest.mark.xdist_group(name="data_store")
      def test_data_store(setup_container):
          pass

  This will generate 3 new groups: ``chrome_data_store``, ``data_store_firefox`` and ``data_store`` (the markers are lexically sorted before being merged together).
```
